Hyperverse Simplified 

Hello 👋 I'm 0xaf013c4543a5fc7810e6c7a9. If this looks weird to you I will suggest you to get used to that because that gonna be our new identity, not in this world 🗺 though, beyond this Universe!!!...Yep, you've guessed it right 👉. On METAVERSE (BTW by metaverse i didn't only mean meta's metaverse though but all meatverse, you know what I'm saying 😷)!!!!
Introduction
Today I will talk about a Metaverse which is initiated by Decentrology team called Hyperverse. And to disappoint you, this metaverse is not like Facebook's metaverse or Sandbox gaming metaverse. This metaverse is not for general public. This metaverse for the developers who can use the modular contracts to deploy any web3 dapp. I know I'm throwing a lot at you, I'll explain all gradually.
Reasons Behind the Success of Web 2
So, first thing first. First we should know why Web 2 have explosive growth of applications. It's because of APIs. APIs made web 2 very developer friendly to developers. e.g. if you want to add payment getaway in your app, it is unlikely for you to do that from scratch by figuring out the logic. What you will do is you will search for API that fulfill you requirements and paste that one/two lines of code and BOUNCE! That is main stream web 2 development now. Also APIs don't compromise security. So, it's very simple for investors to access APIs a very secure 🔐 way. And it's also easy for developers to build because all tools are free. That is the power of composability.
Current Status of Web 3
Now let's see what is going on with web 3. For starters I think 🤔 web 3 is full of frictions. Because smart contract developers are very short supply. The reason behind this is, it requires very high skills to become a successful Smart-Contact developer. And code libraries are broken most of the time ⌚. Because everything is evolving so fast. So, most of the smart contract developers end up developing a large smart contract with various features in it and everything is developed from scratch. Theses types of smart contracts are call Monolithic Smart-Contact (n.b. this termilogy is used by co-founder of Decentrology). Theses large Monolithic Smart-Contacts are very insecure because large codes has more opportunities for bugs. Another huge problem of Smart-Contact is discoverability. Because only identity of a smart contract have is cryptographic hash aka address which defines it's existence on blockchain. So. if you don't have the address of a smart contract that are you looking for, it's most likely that you will never find it from ocean of transaction hash on blockchain because  you can't Google it, unless it's very popular and has been shared on web 2.
Hyperverse
All of these causes problems for production. So, Decentrology team proposed a solution that leveraging the skills of advanced developer to create a hub/marketplace of modules of Smart-Contacts. Unlike the monolithic smart-contracts, the modular smart-contract will be very simple and primitive that will do one thing very well. Modular smart-contracts will have characteristics of discoverability through manifest metadata on both on-chain and off-chain. So that anybody can find the smart-contract that they need and use it on their system/product. But now question is how you can test the smart-contract is legit or not? Yes there are auditors whose are very experienced advanced smart-contract testers. They will test the smart-contracts. But auditing a smart-contact is very very expensive. That's why most of the time smart contracts are deployed without auditing. Which cost deployers in future because after deploying a smart contract on blockchain it's almost impossible to change the code and also redeploying is not an option if that smart contract already contains lots of assets. So, in future if some bugs are detected from that smart-contract then it will costs a big time ⌚ to fix it and sometimes nothing can 🥫 be done. That's why lots of time we see on news that blockchain being hacked for bad coding. It's recommended and best practices to audit smart-contracts. So, Decentrology also have solution for that too. They came up 👆 with a model of community of Auditors. The auditors will audit that contract and if they felt that the contact is legitimate then the auditors will stake their tokens as a signed of confidence. This acts as insurance layer for open source code.
Solution
So, let's see what's Hyperverse is doing all together. It's introducing APTs in Web 3 as Smart Modules. Each smart contract acts as smart module building 🏛 block. So, developers simply have to wired up different blocks in a very intelligent manar. This way any web 2 developer with no/little knowledge on web 3 infrastructure, can develop a DApp. This infrastructure unleash the composability from web 2 to web 3. And this is Hyperverse. In short, Hyperverse is a open source decentralize marketplace of composable smart contracts and it is blockchain agnostic.
DAO
Now if this is open 🔓 source platform then who will do the management. For this Hyperverse has DAO (Decentralize Autonomous Organization) committee where everyone can participate according to their ability. Experience developer will contribute to hyperverse developing different kinds of modules. In that way they will earn whoever will use their's module. Auditor will verify the modules that have been developed by other developer. They will also earn by staking their token for customer whom they may work for. Hyperverse is in early stage. There will be more rules and regulations as the community grows big. The co-founder of Decentrology Nik, have a vision to migrate 10 milion developer from web 2 to web 3. In a nutshell, On hypereverse web 3 developers can earn passive income, web 2 developer can create dapp without knowing any complex  architecture, auditor will verify smart contracts and anybody can 🥫 contribute according to ability by joining DAO.
Links
Official Blog 
Official Doc
Official YouTube 
Join DAO
Stay turn. Next I will run down down their develop modules one by one and also implement my own module. Until then keep the Hype alive. And I've provided some link 🔗 so that you can research more on hyperverse on yor own.
